I love Next.js.
I think that the conventions and
opinions they put in a framework make
it a pleasant framework to work with.
And I think at this point you know enough
to be able to build an application.
Because, like I said, the application
side of Next.js is just react,
which is why we didn't cover a lot of
that because there's nothing new there.
It's just react.
I just wanted to focus on
the Next.js specific stuff, which is
everything that's around reacts and
around data fetching and things like that.
So we breeze over a lot of that
stuff because it is just react, and
even front end masses has
tons of courses on that.
So I kind of just breezed past it.
But at this point, yeah,
you do know about 80% of what
it takes to build a Next.js app.
Everything else is very advanced or
altering integrations and plugins and
stuff like that.
But as far as building an app,
you pretty much got it.
And it feels like, that was pretty easy,
that's because it was meant to be easy.
They did a really good job with
the framework, it should be pretty easy.
So, yeah, that's kind of what I wanted
to share with you guys on Next.js.